Update service_definitions.md v3 (#24689)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/service_definitions.md

##### Inheritance of system metadata
Components within a system automatically inherit the system's metadata. It's no longer necessary to declare metadata for all related components one-by-one as in v2.1 and v2.2. 

##### Precise code location

> You can add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) that should match paths in the repository. Learn more about how this addition improves your experience with [Datadog Code Analysis][3] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the mapping of your code location for your service. The `codeLocations` section in v3.0 specifies the locations of the code with the repository that contains the code and its associated `paths`. The `paths` attribute is a list of [globs][4] that should match paths in the repository. Learn more about how this addition improves your experience with [Datadog Code Analysis.][3] 
```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/schema/tree/main/service-catalog/v3
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/schema/tree/main/service-catalog

> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/code_analysis/faq/#identifying-the-code-location-in-the-service-catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/code_analysis/faq/#identifying-the-code-location-in-the-service-catalog
[4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)
```
